(Yuma)
Last time
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal"...
(man)
The opening duel of the
semi-final round will begin now!
What's up with Shark?
He looks strange.
It is possible
Shark has become possessed.
Shark summoned out
a Chaos Number
during his
battle with Quattro.
The darkness within
that Number
was too much
for Shark to control.
I believe it has overpowered
him completely now.
Let's settle this...
once and for all,
Yuma!
That crest on his hand...
We've seen it before.
It is the same crest that
belongs to Vetrix.
Then Shark isn't possessed
by a Number.
He's possessed by Vetrix!
You almost
have it right.
To be precise, Shark's soul has
been taken over by a Number.
But it is
controlled by yours truly.
Because of this I also control
Shark now!
I'm going to get
revenge for my sister, Rio!
Spear Shark, attack Yuma
directly!
He's angry.
But why
is he angry at me?
It's Vetrix!
He changed
Shark's memories!
I'll do whatever it takes
to win this duel!
Hopefully that
will restore Shark
back to his normal self!
I Xyz
Summon Number 32:
Shark Drake!
This is bad, Yuma.
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down before
my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever break
my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't
die if I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance
to make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring
me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance
and chase my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me through
my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance
to make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath
my heart will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance I'll take
a chance today ♪
We have to stop
that Number!
It will be difficult.
Yuma...
I wouldn't wanna bump into that
thing at night.
Or in the day!
Oh, wow!
That monster has "mean" written
all over it!
It's magnificent!
I must have it!
I know you, Faker.
You're planning to seize control
of Shark Drake
and its power.
But you don't
realize I have plans too.
Show no mercy, Shark Drake!
Destroy Gogogo Ghost with
Deep Sea Destruction!
He will keep attacking!
I know.
I activate Shark Drake's
special ability!
By using
an Overlay Unit,
when it destroys
a monster,
Shark Drake has the power
to summon it right back again,
with 1,000 less attack points!
So Gogogo Ghost is comin' back
and I'm gonna take it out!
Looks like Shark's
double-dippin' on his attack!
Yuma better find
a way to stop him quick!
You only have 900 life
points left.
Once I finish
off your Gogogo Ghost,
you're finished, too!
Get it
done, Shark Drake!
Finish off Yuma
and his monster!
That finished him off
for sure!
I can't believe it.
What's this?
Yuma took his monsters
and made a switcheroo!
Great move!
He still has a chance to pull
this out!
How were you able to bring
out Gogogo Golem?
I had to play my cards
just right.
You see Gogogo Ghost's
special ability
let me
summon Gogogo Golem
from my graveyard.
When that happened,
Gogogo Ghost got moved
into defense mode.
Even though it was destroyed
by Shark Drake,
I was protected
and didn't take any damage!
So that's
how you survived.
But I'll defeat you
on my next turn.
Most impressive, Yuma!
That was genius!
Of course it was probably
Astral's idea.
Please Yuma,
hang in there!
Not bad.
But still
not good enough.
Reginald has completely reversed
the course of this duel.
Yuma will need to summon his
most powerful Number to survive.
Which means...
I'll be able to see
Utopia's powers!
Listen, Yuma...
you must find
a way to summon Utopia.
It is our only
hope now.
I was
thinkin' the same thing.
But I only have Golem
on my field.
I need to draw
another Level 4 monster
to summon Utopia.
Okay, here goes!
I draw!
No luck.
It's not
a monster card.
Patience, Yuma.
Patience?
I don't have the patience
to be patient!
I gotta save Shark
before it's too late!
C'mon, Shark--
Snap out of it!
Vetrix is controlling your mind,
but I know you can break free
if you just think
back to all the duels
you and I fought
together!
What are you
talking about?
Don't you
remember our first duel?
We battled for both Bronk's
deck and mine!
It was intense!
And then there was the
time we teamed up to duel
and you gave me a card
after we won!
(Shark)
I'm outta here.
Wait up!
You're Armored Xyz.
Don't you want it back?
Nah, keep it.
You sure?
Yeah.
You can use all
the help you can get.
I'm the one who
helped you.
Later.
It meant a lot to me when
you gave me that card.
'Cause I felt like we were
really starting to connect.
And when Kite tried to
take my Golden Key,
you dueled him to protect it!
Think back, Shark!
Try to remember!
All those duels have helped me
see who the true you is, Shark!
And that person
is my friend!
No... I'm not!
I don't wanna be friends
with anyone, Yuma...
Especially not
with someone like you.
The one thing I care about
is getting revenge.
You're gonna pay
for hurting my sister!
But I've had enough chitchat
for one day!
We're wasting time here!
I came here to duel,
not to have a conversation!
Hurry up and make
your move!
All right then.
I'll have to let
my dueling speak for me!
First, I'm changing
Gogogo Golem
from defense to attack mode!
And then, I'll pump up its power
with the spell Golden Form!
When my Gogogo Golem switches
from defense to attack mode,
this spell doubles its attack
points until my next turn.
(man)
Whoa!
Break out those sunglasses,
folks!
That is the glitziest
Golem I've ever seen!
But even if it's powered-up,
its still not a Number
so it can't
take out Shark Drake!
Yeah, so why did Yuma
use the spell?
Yuma...
I know what I'm doing.
Even though I can't
destroy Shark's Number,
my attack will still
pack a punch!
Maybe the impact will
be enough to bring Shark
back to his senses!
Now, Gogogo Golem!
Attack Shark Drake!
Gogogo Gust!
Shark,
snap out of it!
C'mon, Shark!
Very clever!
Yuma just threw Shark a
curve and got a solid strike!
He didn't even scratch
Shark's Number,
but suddenly both duelists
are down to 900 life points!
You can't take down my Number,
so you're tryin'
to drain my
life points instead.
Only it's too late.
Well, we'll see about
that, Shark.
Take your turn!
If you insist!
I draw!
It's time.
I just wish my sister
were here to see this moment.
But she can't be,
thanks to you!
(woman)
Hey, why's he glowin'?
(girl)
Is there something wrong
with him?
Now go!
By combining Shark Drake
with its Overlay Units,
it can further
evolve itself!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Behold the dreaded
Chaos Number 32...
Shark Drake Veiss!
Whoa!
What is that?
That thing doesn't
look friendly!
Oh, no...
How can we
stop that thing?
I am not sure we can...
Shark summoned
his Chaos Number!
The chances of
us winning this duel
do not appear to
be promising.
At last!
Now... Shark Drake Veiss,
use your special ability!
It uses an Overlay Unit
to banish a Shark monster
from my graveyard.
Good-bye Spear Shark!
Now its 1,600 attack points get
deducted from Gogogo Golem!
You must stop this!
I will!
By activating my Power Change
Barrier trap!
Now Gogogo's attack points
get reduced by 600.
It's a small price to pay,
'cause the trap cancels out
Shark Drake Veiss's
special ability!
Nice defense!
That Chaos Number has
more Overlay Units,
so Yuma's
still in trouble!
I'll do it all over
again, Yuma!
I use an Overlay Unit to
banish Double Shark,
so I can
weaken your monster!
Double Shark, get
that Golem!
That's not gonna happen
as long as I keep activating
my Power Change Barrier!
Shark Drake Veiss's special
ability is negated again!
I still have one Overlay Unit
left, so I can strike again!
This time, I banish
Shark Drake from my graveyard!
Which means your Gogogo Golem
will lose 2,800 attack points!
Not yet!
I still have
my trap!
So what?
My Shark Drake Veiss has one
thousand more attack points
than your feeble Golem.
This next strike
will end the duel!
Attack, Shark Drake Veiss!
Destroy that Golem!
Chaos Stream!
I activate my trap...
Half Unbreak!
It saves Gogogo Golem
from destruction!
And the damage
I take is cut in half.
Oh, no!
You've survived everything
I've thrown at you...
but I saved
the best for last!
On my next turn, you're
gonna lose!
I'm putting
one card facedown.
It's your move!
(Vetrix)
If Yuma was wise,
he'd stay down.
He doesn't have
a chance.
It's over.
The card that I gave Shark
as a present is too powerful.
Yuma will be finished
once and for all!
We are down to
400 life points.
This is our last
chance.
I know.
But I'm counting on my deck
to help me win this turn.
I gotta draw...
the perfect card.
I'm feelin' the flow!
I did it!
I summon Gagaga Magician!
I overlay my Level 4 Gagaga
Magician and Gogogo Golem!
With these two monsters
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 39:
Utopia!
Nice work!
Except your Utopia only
has 2,500 attack points,
so it isn't strong enough to
overpower my Chaos Number!
If Utopia tries to attack,
it's the one that's gonna
get destroyed!
That's not true!
Utopia will survive.
And so will
your Chaos Number!
What?
I'm fighting this duel
to save you!
But that doesn't
mean I don't want to win.
It's important that I become the
World Duel Carnival champion,
so I can stop
Dr. Faker and Vetrix!
But it's also important to free
you from the control Vetrix
has on your mind!
I'll do whatever it takes
to help my friends,
especially one
of my best friends...
You!
This will work!
Okay, Utopia...
Attack
Shark Drake Veiss!
Rising Sun Slash!
Instead of trying
the same old strategy,
you should use a little
imagination!
And that's why
you're always a failure!
Go Chaos Stream!
I'll use an Overlay Unit
to activate...
...Utopia's special ability!
It can stop
its own attack!
Hang on!
Utopia stopped
its own attack?
Are you ready?
I am!
I'm activating my trap
Rivals Unite, right now!
Since Utopia stopped its
attack, this card equips
on to your monster, and I get
to take control of it!
No-- You can't!
Leave Shark at once,
hear that Shark Drake Veiss?
I order you to enter
my soul instead!
(Yuma)
Shark Drake Veiss...
Leave Shark
and enter my soul!
You're free
from the Number!
Now try to remember the truth
about the past!
You're a good duelist.
I'll see ya around.
Aw, come on!
I thought
we were friends!
Don't go.
Yuma, you and I
are finished.
So don't you ever
come bothering me again.
I'm not gonna step aside and let
you throw your life away, Shark!
You're my friend, Shark,
and I don't wanna see you
destroy yourself with hate.
I finally remember, Yuma...
You're not the one responsible
for what happened to my sister.
Vetrix was behind
everything.
He's the one who's guilty!
It was him!
He's planted that Number
in my soul and made me forget!
Yuma!
No!
(Vetrix)
It's too late
for Yuma!
Soon his soul will be completely
consumed by Shark Drake Veiss!
Yuma!
If he truly
is your friend,
you'll want to help him
of course.
What can I do?
Ah, so you remember.
You just have to use
the trap card I gave you...
Heraldry Catastrophe!
Don't worry, Yuma.
Shark will save you!
Vetrix!
Since you took control
of Shark Drake Veiss,
Shark can now activate
his facedown card.
It is a trap called
Heraldry Catastrophe.
Since you now control
Shark's monster,
this trap destroys it...
Along with all your
monsters that have equal
or fewer attack points.
So that means that Shark Drake
Veiss and your Utopia
will both be wiped out!
Wiped out?
No way!
Oh, and you'll
also take damage
equal to those monsters'
attack points.
That's a total
of 5,300 points!
So Shark, it's a win-win
for you:
You free Yuma from
Shark Drake Veiss ' control,
and you win the duel!
Am I brilliant or what?
I expected Yuma to
take over your monster
and that's why I gave you
the trap!
Your victory is guaranteed!
If Utopia gets destroyed,
Astral's a goner too!
I have to think...
There must be
something I can do!
Of course!
Traplin!
All I have to do is destroy a
trap card on my field
to summon it!
That means I can
get rid of Rivals Unite!
Indeed.
Shark Drake Veiss
will return to Shark,
plus Utopia and I
will be saved.
But Shark will once again be
controlled by that Number...
And ultimately
by Vetrix!
So then I
have to choose...
between saving you or
saving Shark?
I can't!
Yuma!
Quick!
Use that trap card.
It's the only way
you can help Yuma.
Every second you hesitate,
that Chaos Number tightens
its grip on Yuma's soul.
You must activate
Heraldry Catastrophe
before it's too late.
It will save your friend
and assure your victory!
Yuma!
I can't do it!
I can't choose
between you!
You and Shark
are my friends!
I care about what happens
to both of you...
and I don't want to
see either of you hurt!
Yuma!
Wait!
There's that card I put facedown
at the start of the duel...
That's it!
I activate
a spell...
Underwater Snow Prison!
I'll use it to put Shark Drake
Veiss on ice... and banish it!
I activate a spell...
Underwater Snow Prison!
I'll use it to put
Shark Drake Veiss on ice...
and banish it!
Using this spell
has a price.
I take 1,000
points of damage.
Shark, no!
(gasping)
I... can't believe it.
Yuma Tsukumo wins
the duel.
Shark, are you okay?
Shark!
Please, answer!
Tell me you're okay!
I'm fine.
You saved me.
My soul could have
been lost forever...
but you never gave up
on our friendship.
Vetrix tried to use me
to hurt you and Astral...
But in the end, I never gave up
on our friendship either.
Just promise me this...
you'll defeat Vetrix
for good!
Defeat me?
For good?
I'll teach that twerp Yuma not
to meddle with my plans!
Shark failed his mission, but
that won't make any difference.
After I defeat Kite,
I'll eliminate Yuma Tsukumo
once and for all!
(Astral)
Shark lost the duel
to save us.
I know.
When it was all on the line,
Shark proved
that he's a true friend.
He asked one thing
in return, though.
Yeah.
And if I do face Vetrix in the
finals, I won't let Shark down!
I'll win it all
and high five the sky!